---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /about-us/principals-message/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The MGS education is a special one that equips our girls of today to be empowered learners and leaders of tomorrow. As an institution that values joyful and purposeful learning and serving, MGS inspires our girls to discover their purpose, pursue their passions, build enduring relationships and stretch their potential so as to impact and make a difference to the world beyond themselves. Founded in 1887, we are proud to be a school with a long history and heritage of serving and blessing the community. Since 1887, by the grace of God and many other fellow workers who have also sown into the school, MGS has grown and is now a well-established school in Singapore. However, we do not want to forget our humble beginnings or the spirit in which MGS was set up.</p><p>Anchored on our purpose pillars of MGLearns and MGServes, the MGS education challenges our girls in being and becoming their best selves for community, Singapore and the world, and encourages our girls to contribute meaningfully and sensitively to society, always seeking to be a blessing to others. With our enriching holistic total curriculum activated by a team of dedicated and committed staff and facilitated by an enabling and positive learning environment, MGS girls are well-positioned to embrace the dynamic world of the future with confidence, curiosity and compassion.</p><p>The academic and co-curricular programmes are thoughtfully designed to engage young hearts and minds, spur creativity and innovation, and hone collaborative and communication skills that will stand the MGS girl in good stead to navigate life with fortitude, resilience and adaptability. Throughout their formative years at MGS, we are intentional in nurturing in our girls our core values of Godliness, Excellence and Love. The MGS girl is imbued with agency, empathy and a desire to humbly share goodness and be a light for the betterment of the society and world around her, always seeking to learn from and with community. Our Christian culture grounds our girls in faith and hope to thrive and flourish with grace and strength, always with a generous and giving spirit. Our beloved motto ‘To Master, To Grow, To Serve’ reflects our proud tradition of developing girls who strive to make a positive impact in every phase of their lives.</p><p>The MGS girl belongs to a vibrant school community that cares about the well-being of every child. This authentic community tapestry envelops each girl with a sense of belonging to the school while imbuing in them an enduring conviction to serve others. As we coach and guide our girls in their lifelong growth journey of being and becoming Godly women of Excellence with a heart of Love, we are supported by passionate stakeholders who work in close partnership and resonance with the school.</p><p>MGS remains a cherished place in the hearts of all, including myself, who have been blessed to have passed through her gates and continue to be challenged To Master, To Grow and To Serve in every phase of our lives. It is our hope and prayer that the deep sense of purpose of our founder, Ms Sophia Blackmore is something that all MGS girls will catch and build during their educational journey in this school.</p><p></p><p><strong>Mrs Valarie Wilson</strong></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>