---
title: Bowling
permalink: /secondary/curriculum/cca/sports/bowling/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports
variant: tiptap
---
<p>The <a href="https://youtu.be/OtluTcW0TyA" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">MGS Bowling School Team</a> aims to develop a team of dedicated and passionate bowlers who are interested in developing and furthering their bowling skills and techniques to enable them to participate in the various National Bowling Competitions over the course of their secondary school education. Throughout their four years in the team, our bowlers will undergo rigorous training sessions up to 3 times a week so that they will be equipped with the necessary bowling competencies. The training sessions will help to nurture and develop bowlers to maximise their fullest potential in the team sport. Bowlers will also learn to work and bond as a team through various activities.</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="100%" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQXCI5Xpl1m8eoqlR-1QYTL3k6h1Mh6bZTijTAqouKoOzme-bVyo_fQSNU-6keoDfJsFaU1P83mbAPB/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><p>The MGS Bowling Team conducts weekly training sessions for its bowlers to prepare them for the National School Games as well as other competitions. This will include drills, video analysis, aiming, release, spares, strikes, tactical adjustment, competitive observation, team roll-off and tournament simulation.</p><p>School-based training sessions are also included to help build up the bowlers’ stamina and endurance, as well as foster closer ties between team members.</p><h2>Leadership Opportunities</h2><p><strong>Senior Captain:</strong> She provides leadership and direction to the team. She is responsible for ensuring that the team fulfils its responsibilities for success.</p><p><strong>Senior Vice Captain:</strong> She plans, coordinates and manages the school-based training sessions with the Captain and Teacher-in-charge as well as organises team meetings. She assists the Captain in ensuring that the team fulfils its responsibilities for success.</p><p><strong>Junior Captain:</strong> She assists the Senior Captain and Vice-Captain in ensuring that the team fulfils its responsibilities for success.</p><p>All <strong>Captains</strong> will be involved in planning and organising bowling activities and programmes, including camps.</p><h2>CCA Schedule</h2><p>School Team</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Monday: 3.30pm to 5:30pm</p></li><li><p>Wednesday: 3.30pm to 5:30pm</p></li><li><p>Friday: 3.30pm to 5:30pm</p></li></ul><p>Venue: Temasek Club <br><em>One-way transport is provided to the training venues.</em></p>