---
title: Netball
permalink: /secondary/curriculum/cca/sports/netball/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sports
variant: tiptap
---
<div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="100%" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vgYv_w-VamY"></iframe></div><p>The Netball School Team CCA cultivates quick-thinking skills in all players and emphasizes the importance of sportsmanship at all times, while striving to develop Women of Excellence. Through the triweekly training sessions, our players are nurtured into independent and responsible young ladies who display grit and tenacity. The fast-paced gameplay requires agility and speed, and develops adaptability through the unexpected court situations. It is a platform where players are able to gain confidence and relish the fruits of their labour.</p><p>Netball is a sport where teamwork, respect, resilience are fostered. All members share common goals and strive hard to achieve them, contributing to the camaraderie on and off the court. Rigorous trainings are never dreaded here, as members are constantly spurred on by each other, and as it also allows members to reach and expand their potential.</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="100%" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTPMJMXOQWNlI-36HZC0ZDGDMn0KETWCpmRrjQ_1UeTkNOOSXUy2HLzXrneFiBP3mql3bSHdN1kUXTd/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><p>For members to challenge themselves and hone their skills, the CCA competes in the annual National School Games (NSG) for both the ‘B’ and ‘C’ Divisions. It also takes part in carnivals and tournaments, and organizes friendly games against other schools to acquire exposure and build chemistry between all players.</p><p>Team bonding sessions are frequently held to allow teammates to develop friendships and a strong sense of belonging within the team for each individual. The annual netball camp cum Sec 4 Farewell Party is always an event members look forward to as they plan their own camp programme with bonding games, dinner/breakfast menus and a time to have fun together before the year closes.</p><p>Other than the competitive school team, the school also offers Netball Club as a CCA. The Netball Club is a recreational CCA where anyone who is keen to learn the game can join, even those who have never played netball before. Players are taught how to play netball from scratch, including the basic skills, such as footwork, shooting, attacking and defending skills, as well as the rules of a netball game. With the guidance of the coach, the seniors also take an active role to teach the juniors who are new during the sessions. It is a weekly training session that allows students to bond with other schoolmates while enjoying the sport.</p><p>The MGS netball experience is one that will definitely bring about many incredible experiences and unforgettable memories. Through this journey, members forge lifelong friendships, and emerge as better players at the end of their 4 years.</p><h2>Competitions</h2><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>National School Games</p></li><li><p>Competitive Netball Carnival</p></li><li><p>Intra-CCA Competitions</p></li><li><p>Friendly Games with Other Schools</p></li><li><p>CCA Fair for Sec 1s</p></li><li><p>Sec 1 CCA Selections</p></li><li><p>DSA Selections</p></li><li><p>Open House</p></li><li><p>Netball Camp + Sec 4 Farewell Party</p></li><li><p>Alumnae Day</p></li><li><p>Bonding Games</p></li></ul><h2>Leadership Opportunities</h2><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Captain</p></li><li><p>Vice-Captains</p></li><li><p>Lower/Upper Sec CCA committee</p></li></ul><h2>CCA Schedule</h2><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Days: Monday, Wednesday and Friday</p></li><li><p>Time: 3.00pm – 5.30pm</p></li><li><p>Venue: Indoor Sports Hall (ISH)</p></li></ul><p></p>