---
title: Join Us
permalink: /parentlink/join-us/
description: ""
third_nav_title: ParentLink
variant: tiptap
---
<div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="100%" width="100%" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSwr6ksR7xPMpLrWjmP92xUYvLnRA2fU-xRvC23BZPWjapIzO3Y_oxNRX4aio-eA3rM2TTO9pEpfrVO/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe></div><h3>How you can help:</h3><p>Class reps form an important network through which PL functions. They are appointed based on indications of interest and recommendations from level reps, PL committee and/or teachers. Class reps are encouraged to participate and engage other class parents to support PL events, offer/channel feedback and suggestions relevant to PL, assist teachers/the school when requested and initiate informal activities at class levels.</p><p>Should you be interested in helping in any of the events organized by ParentLink, please&nbsp;<a href="mailto:mgss@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">email us</a>&nbsp;.</p><h3>Parents may also help in other areas:</h3><p>In addition, parents can also be involved with career talks and providing work experience opportunities in the Secondary School, library duties in the Primary School or be a part of regular prayer meetings to provide prayer support to the school and girls as well as in ad-hoc events.</p><h3>2024 Prayer Meeting Dates:</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Schedule</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mode of Meeting</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 1</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 January (7.45-9am @ Level 4 Wesley Hal)</p><p>5 February (7.45-9am @ Level 4 Wesley Hal)</p><p>4 March (8 – 9.15am via Zoom*)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 2</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1 April (8 – 9.15am via Zoom*)</p><p>6 May (8 – 9.15am via Zoom*)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8 July (7.45-9am @ Level 4 Wesley Hal)</p><p>5 August (8 – 9.15am via Zoom*)</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Term 4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9 September (8 – 9.15am via Zoom*)</p><p>7 October (8 – 9.15am via Zoom*)</p></td></tr></tbody></table><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Zoom meeting ID: <strong>824 7906 5189, Passcode: 1Pet5:7</strong></p></li></ul><p><strong>Prayer coordinator:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Overall coordinator (P1-6): Ms Laura Hoi</p></li><li><p>Overall coordinator (S/Y 1-4): Mr Patrick Loke</p></li><li><p>P6 coordinators: Ms Annie Chua</p></li><li><p>S/Y4 coordinator: TBA/TBC (kindly contact Ms Jenny Koh at jenny_koh@mgs.sch.edu.sg)</p></li></ul><p><strong>Remarks:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>All prayer meetings are combined</strong> meaning parents with child(ren) in different levels meet together at the same day and time, and breakout groups (on-site or zoom) can then be done according to different levels. Hence ALL parents are welcomed!</p></li><li><p><strong>Frequency of prayer meetings</strong> will be once a month to allow more parents to join the session, be it on-site or via zoom</p></li><li><p><strong>Prayer coordinators of focused groups, i.e. P6 Group and Sec/Year 4</strong> groups will make their own arrangements nearing PSLE/O Level to meet via zoom for prayer sessions</p></li></ul><p><strong>Instruction for on-stie meetings:</strong></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Please take the lift to Level 4, walk straight past the Pri School library. The venue will be the first room on your right along the corridor</p></li><li><p>Do remember to obtain a Visitor’s Pass at the Security Post. Kindly inform Security on duty that you are going to Level 4 for parents’ prayer meeting.</p></li><li><p>Vehicles parked inside the school premise are strictly based on a first-come-first-serve basis, subject to availability, and in WHITE coloured VISITOR LOTS ONLY. There must be a “temporary parking label” to be displayed on the vehicle dashboard – this “temporary parking label” is subject to availability at the Security Post.</p></li></ol><p>If you have any enquiries regarding Parents’ Prayer Meetings, please contact Christian Ministry Staff (CMS) Ms Corrine Chee (Pri Sch), Ms Jenny Koh (Sec Sch) at 6469 4800.</p>