---
title: MOE Scholarship & Awards
permalink: /about-us/school-information/awards-n-scholarships/moe-scholarships-n-awards/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Awards and Scholarships
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Edusave Scholarships for Independent Schools (ESIS)</h2><h3>Secondary 1</h3><p>The ESIS are awarded to Singaporean students who are in the top one-third of the total number of Secondary 1 students admitted to all IS, based on PSLE results (before bonus points).</p><p>Students who meet the ESIS cut-off score and are admitted to IS under the Direct School Admission Exercise will also be offered the ESIS.</p><p>The ESIS award quantum of the award is $2,400 per year, or the annual school fees charged by the IS less the annual amount of school and standard miscellaneous fees paid by students in government/ government-aided schools, whichever is lower.</p><p>For students awarded ESIS, and are also recipients of the Independent School Bursary (ISB), the ESIS award quantum is $2,400 per year, or the annual school fees less the school fee subsidy provided under ISB, whichever is lower.</p><h3>Secondary 3</h3><p>The ESIS are awarded to Singaporean students at Secondary 3 if they are studying in an IS, have performed well in the ESIS Test and are not awarded a 4-year or 6-year ESIS at Secondary 1.</p><p>The ESIS award quantum is $2,400 per year, or the annual school fees charged by the IS less the annual amount of school and standard miscellaneous fees paid by students in government/ government-aided schools, whichever is lower.</p><p>For students awarded ESIS, and are also recipients of the Independent School Bursary (ISB), the ESIS award quantum is $2,400 per year, or the annual school fees less the school fee subsidy provided under ISB, whichever is lower.</p><h3>Yearly Award</h3><p>The ESIS (Yearly Award) are awarded to Singaporean students in IS who are not awarded any other type of ESIS. These are given to the top 10% of each cohort by level in each IS based on their school examination results for the year. These awards are to encourage and reward students who have excelled academically as well as obtained a good grade for conduct in that year.</p><p>The ESIS award quantum is $2,400, or the annual school fees charged by the IS less the annual amount of school and standard miscellaneous fees paid by students in government/ government-aided schools, whichever is lower.</p><p>For students awarded ESIS, and are also recipients of the Independent School Bursary (ISB), the ESIS award quantum is $2,400 per year, or the annual school fees less the school fee subsidy provided under ISB, whichever is lower.</p><p><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/awards-scholarships/edusave-scholarships-independent" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Click here for more information on Edusave scholarships for Independent Schools (ESIS)</a>&nbsp;.</p><h2>Edusave Awards and Scholarships</h2><h3>Edusave Scholarships (ES)</h3><p>All Singaporean students from Primary 5 onwards in Government, Government-aided and specialised schools are eligible for the Edusave Scholarship, if they are within the top 10% of their level and course in terms of academic performance, and have demonstrated good conduct.</p><p>The values of the award are as follows:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>$350 for Primary 5 to 6</p></li><li><p>$500 for Secondary/specialised schools</p></li></ul><h3>Edusave Award for Achievement, Good Leadership and Service (EAGLES)</h3><p>To recognise up to 10% of students who have demonstrated leadership qualities, service to community and schools, excellence in non-academic activities, and good conduct.</p><p>The values of the award are as follows:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>$250 for Primary 4 to 6</p></li><li><p>$350 for Secondary 1 to 5</p></li></ul><h3>Edusave Character Award (ECHA)</h3><p>To recognise up to 2% of students who have demonstrated exemplary character and outstanding personal qualities through their behaviour and actions.</p><p>The values of the award are as follows:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>$200 for Primary 1 to 3</p></li><li><p>$350 for Primary 4 to 6</p></li><li><p>$500 for Secondary 1 to 5</p></li></ul><h3>Edusave Merit Bursary (EMB)</h3><p>Students who are within the top 25% of their school’s level and course in terms of academic performance, have demonstrated good conduct and whose monthly household income does not exceed $6,900 (or per capita income does not exceed $1,725). Students must not be recipients of an Edusave scholarship.</p><p>The values of the bursary are as follows:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>$200 for Primary 1 to 3</p></li><li><p>$250 for Primary 4 to 6</p></li><li><p>$350 for Secondary 1 to 5</p></li></ul><h3>Edusave Good Progress Award (GPA)</h3><p>Students who are within the top 10% of their school’s level and course in terms of improvement in academic performance and have demonstrated good conduct.</p><p>The values of the award are as follows:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>$100 for Primary 2 to 3</p></li><li><p>$150 for Primary 4 to 6</p></li><li><p>$200 for Secondary 1 to 5</p></li></ul><p><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/awards-scholarships/edusave-awards" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Click here for more information on MOE Edusave awards and scholarships.</a></p>