---
title: Global Studies and Global Perspectives and Inquiry
permalink: /secondary/academic/humanities/global-studies/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Humanities
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Global Studies and Global Perspectives and Inquiry is offered as a subject in the IP Programme.</p><h3>Aim</h3><p>This course in Global Studies will prepare students for their encounters with these real world complexities by presenting to them issues and social problems from global perspectives. They will be encouraged to explore, develop and express their own values and opinions, while listening to, and respecting other people’s points of views on global issues. They will also learn how decisions made by people in other parts of the world affect their lives, just as their decisions affect the lives of others, and so will make a commitment to make a change in the society that they live in.</p><p>This aim will be achieved through gaining:</p><p><strong>Knowledge and understanding of</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Globalisation and interdependence</p></li><li><p>Social justice and equity</p></li><li><p>Diversity</p></li><li><p>Conflict and violence</p></li><li><p>Evidence</p></li><li><p>Causation</p></li><li><p>Policy</p></li><li><p>Governance</p></li><li><p>Stewardship</p></li><li><p>Change</p></li><li><p>Perspectives</p></li><li><p>Empathy</p></li></ul><p><strong>Skills in</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Accessing, analysing and evaluating information</p></li><li><p>Critical thinking</p></li><li><p>Decision-making</p></li><li><p>Creative problem solving</p></li><li><p>Reflection</p></li><li><p>Collaboration and communication</p></li></ul><p><strong>Values and dispositions in</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Empathy</p></li><li><p>Commitment to social justice and equity</p></li><li><p>Value and respect for diversity</p></li><li><p>Concern for the environment and commitment to sustainable development</p></li><li><p>Belief that people can make a difference</p></li><li><p>Commitment to make a change</p></li></ul><h3>Syllabus</h3><p>The syllabus has been created to be in alignment with the International Baccalaureate Group 3 Subject Options. The issues and case studies are related to:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Business and Management</p></li><li><p>Environmental Systems and Society</p></li><li><p>Geography</p></li><li><p>Global Politics</p></li><li><p>History</p></li></ul><p>This course will lay the foundation for the Integrated Programme students to take any of these subject options when they begin their studies for the International Baccalaureate diploma.</p><h3>Curriculum</h3><p>The Global Studies (GS) curriculum is designed with the Understanding by Design (UbD) Framework, as conceived by Grant Wiggins and Jay McTighe, in mind. The GS unit plans, with lesson activities and assessments are planned in accordance to UbD Stages One, Two and Three. The curriculum is also enhanced by Lynn Erickson’s Concept-based Teaching and Learning. Unlike traditional two-dimensional coverage models of facts and skills, Concept-based Teaching (CbT) is a three-dimensional curriculum design model that frames the factual content of GS with disciplinary concepts and generalizations. CbT is an important enhancement to the UbD Framework because it emphasises on the transferability of the enduring understandings, and at the same time highlights the various disciplines behind the global issues through the use of discipline concepts.</p><p>The GS curriculum is designed with an interdisciplinary backdrop. The traditional disciplinarian baggage is alleviated as disciplines transcend traditional subject boundaries or schools of thought, as new needs have emerged in today’s increasingly globalised and complex world. The GS curriculum provides students with these exciting opportunities to understand and attempt to resolve global issues vis-à-vis interdisciplinary lens.</p><h3>Assessment</h3><p>The students will be assessed in a variety of modes besides the traditional examination. They will be asked to complete one major coursework a year where they will be asked to write research papers and proposals both in the small group and individually. They will also maintain a portfolio containing their reactions to the issues discussed and their reflection on their roles in these issues. There will also be other performance tasks such as debates, oral presentations and quizzes.</p>