---
title: MGS School based Awards
permalink: /admissions/Scholarships-and-Awards/school-based-awards/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Awards and Scholarships
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>MGS Commendation Awards</h2><p>These awards are given to girls in recognition of their achievements in co-curricular activities, service and leadership. They are presented at the school’s Commendation Awards Ceremony.</p><h3>i. MGS Sports Award/ Scholarship</h3><p>The Sports Awards are presented to talented and deserving athletes to help them realise their full potential. These athletes have represented Singapore National Teams in international competitions.</p><h3>ii. Colours/Merit (Sports) Award</h3><p>The Colours/Merit Award for Sports is presented in recognition of a pupil’s high standard of performance in sports and games approved by the school.</p><h3>iii. Distinction/Merit (Achievement) Award</h3><p>The Distinction/Merit (Achievement) Award for a Club/Society or Performing Arts Group is presented in recognition of a pupil’s achievement in selected competitions equivalent to that of the SYF or higher.</p><h3>iv. Distinction/Merit (Service) Award</h3><p>The Distinction/Merit (Service) Award for a Sports, Club/Society or Performing Arts Group is presented in recognition of a pupil’s strong commitment and contribution as a leader to her CCA.</p><h3>v. Distinction/Merit (Uniformed Group) Award</h3><p>The Distinction/Merit Award for a Uniformed Group is presented in recognition of a pupil’s achievement and contribution to her CCA.</p><h3>vi. Distinction/Merit (Student Leadership) Award</h3><p>The Distinction/Merit Award for Student Leadership is presented in recognition of the leadership skills and strengths of a House Leader, Peer Support Leader or Prefect and her contribution to the school.</p><h2>Other School based Awards</h2><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Class Character Awards</p></li><li><p>Subject Prizes</p></li></ol><p></p>