---
title: "2014"
permalink: /news-n-events/mgserves/archives/2014/
description: ""
---
### MGS 21st Commendations Awards Ceremony 2014

Date: 2 September 2014

The Commendation Awards Ceremony (CAC) which took place in the M E Lau Hall on Tuesday 2 September, celebrated the many achievements of the MGS community.

Major Khoo Teh Lynn, F-16 Pilot RSAF was the Guest of Honour at the CAC; a former student of MGS, she inspired the girls to give of their best to realize their dreams. “Wherever you go, go with all your heart,” she urged. Major Khoo who, against all odds, turned her own dreams into reality, was the first female pilot of RSAF; she is indeed a Woman of Excellence with a Heart of Love, and well deserves her place in the Singapore Women’s Hall of Fame where her passion for flying and her dedicated service to Singapore are duly acknowledged.

  

During the CAC 2014, numerous awards were presented to the girls in acknowledgement of their dedication, passion and outstanding contributions in various fields. Of these, sixteen prestigious Sports Awards were given to the girls who represented Singapore in their respective sports.

The top three awards at the annual CAC are a tribute to the MGS spirit which the girls embrace without reservation; it is all about their exemplary character and conduct, and their readiness To Master, To Grow, To Serve.

This year, Naomi Lim Yan Min (P6.3) was the proud recipient of the Model Student Award, while Christine Mok Tze Yin (Sec 1H) received the Lydia Huang Award, and Erika Poh (Sec 3E), the Wee Kim Wee Award. 

  

### Singapore Women's Hall of Fame

Date: 14 March 2014


On Friday 14 March, the Singapore Council of Women’s Organisations (SCWO) commemorated International Women’s Day (IWD), and at the same time launched the Singapore Women's Hall of Fame. The President, Dr Tony Tan Keng Yam was the Guest of Honour for the event which took place at the Tower Ballroom, Shangri-La Hotel.


The Singapore Women’s Hall of Fame celebrates the many women who have contributed in no small way to the development and progress of Singapore; they will no doubt inspire succeeding generations of women to realize their dreams and achieve even more for the good of the nation.


At the inauguration ceremony of the Singapore Women’s Hall of Fame several MGS women of excellence were honoured for their achievements; all are MGS alumnae, except for Miss Sophia Blackmore who was the founder of MGS and Mrs Ann Elizabeth Wee who was a former teacher at MGS. The women of excellence include:

  

Sophia Blackmore and Ruth Wong Hie King (Education)  <br>
Kwa Geok Choo and Jenny Lau Buong Bee (Law), <br>
Constance Goh and Phyllis Eu Cheng Li (Advocacy & Activism)  <br>
Daisy Vaithilingam and Ann Elizabeth Wee (Community / Social Work)  <br>
Fang Ai Lian (Business & Enterprise)  <br>
Lynette Seah (Arts/Culture/Entertainment)  <br>
Geh Min (Environment) <br>
Patricia Chan and Joscelin Yeo (Sports)  <br>
Khoo Teh Lynn (Uniformed Professions)