---
title: Food and Consumer Education
permalink: /secondary/academic/aesthetics/food-consumer-education/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Aims and Objectives</h3><p>The Food and Consumer Education (FCE) Programme at MGS aims to equip our students with the knowledge and skills for independent and sustainable living in the 21st century. The lifeskills acquired through the FCE programme will empower them to be good stewards of resources for themselves and community through critical thinking and wise decisions.</p><p>Students are provided with various learning opportunities in applying the basic principles of<br>(i) Nutrition and Food Management for planning healthy meals and for sustainable food preparation<br>(ii) Creative Use of Consumer Textiles and Clothing for sustainable living<br>(iii) Consumer Education for making wise and informed choices.</p><h3>Programme Structure</h3><p>The Food and Consumer Education programme is offered to the Lower Secondary Level in MGS.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>O Level Track</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Integrated Programme</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Enrichment Programme</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Enrichment Programme</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>National Syllabuses</h3><p>Please refer to&nbsp;<a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/secondary/courses/express/electives#subjects" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">this link</a>.</p><h3>Course Outline</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Secondary / Year One</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Secondary / Year Two</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1. Consumer Education<br>2. Understanding Advertisement<br>3. Financial Literacy &amp; Money Management<br>4. Introduction to needlework<br>5. Creative Use of Textile &amp; Clothing for Sustainable Living<br>6. Caring for Clothes<br>7. Creative Textile Coursework<br></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1. Kitchen &amp; Food Safety<br>2. Sensory Evaluation of Food<br>3. Basic Nutrition<br>4. Energy Balance<br>5. Diet-related Diseases<br>6. Food Management &amp; Food Preparation<br>7. Meal Planning &amp; Recipe Modification<br>8. Basic Food Science<br>9. Sustainable Food<br>10. Food &amp; Consumer Education Coursework<br></p></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>Lower Secondary Curriculum</h3><h4>Secondary / Year One</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Main Component</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students will be able to</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Creative Use of Textile &amp; Clothing</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Showcase creativity in designing and sewing textile items.</p></li><li><p>Care for their clothing and do simple repairs on clothes.</p></li><li><p>Choose clothing and accessories according to body shape, skin colour and occasions.<br></p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Consumer Education</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Apply good decision making skills in the purchase of goods and services.</p></li><li><p>Be wise consumers who know their rights and responsibilities.</p></li><li><p>Manage money well using a budget and pay for purchases using the correct method of payment</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><h4>Secondary / Year Two</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Main Component</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Students will be able to</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Food &amp; Nutrition</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Plan and prepare healthy meals using nutritional tools such as the Healthy Plate and Recommended Dietary Allowances (RDAs). </p></li><li><p>Conduct sensory evaluation on food using appropriate sensory descriptors.</p></li><li><p>Prepare nutritious food using different cooking methods; and serve them attractively with appropriate table-setting or packaging.</p></li><li><p>Apply principles of food science in food preparation.</p></li><li><p>Make lifestyle changes and adopt healthy eating habits for healthy and sustainable living.</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Consumer Education</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Make informed decisions on food products through comparative shopping and label reading. </p></li><li><p>Use various financial skills such as budgeting &amp; personal financial management effectively as consumers.</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>Approach and Pedagogy</h3><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Differentiated Instruction &amp; Parallel Curriculum Model to cater to the different learning needs of our students.</p></li><li><p>Design Thinking as an ideating tool for FCE coursework.</p></li><li><p>Experiential &amp; Problem-Based Learning to better engage our students in deep learning of the various topics.</p></li><li><p>Self-Assessment &amp; Peer Assessment to promote independent learning.</p></li></ul><p></p>