---
title: Sciences
permalink: /secondary/academic/sciences/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h3>Vision</h3><p>Science literate MGS students are logical thinkers who are technologically, scientifically, and mathematically literate and can tackle complex questions, investigate global issues, and develop solutions for real world problems by applying the disciplinary practice of Science.&nbsp;</p><h3>Mission</h3><p>The MGS Science Curriculum is to guide students, over their 4 years in MGS, to actively engage in scientific practices and apply scientific concepts to deepen their understanding of the core ideas in fields of Biology, Chemistry Physics and Science in general.</p><p>Students will have the opportunity to carry out scientific investigations related to the disciplinary core ideas. The learning experiences provided for students will engage them with fundamental questions about the world and with how scientists have investigated and found answers to those questions.</p><h3>Goals</h3><p>By the end of the 4th year in MGS, all students should have gained sufficient knowledge of the core ideas of science and scientific practices to:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>appreciate that science and the current scientific understanding of the world are the result of many hundreds of years of creative human endeavour.</p></li><li><p>engage in public discussions on science-related issues.</p></li><li><p>be critical consumers of scientific information related to their everyday lives.</p></li><li><p>continue to learn about science throughout their lives.</p></li><li><p>be adequately prepared for education beyond MGS and</p></li><li><p>become confident citizens in this technology-rich and scientifically complex world.</p></li></ul><h3>Curriculum Structure</h3><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Sec/Year 1 &amp; 2</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Sec/Year 3 &amp; 4</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Lower Secondary Science</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1. Biology <br>2. Chemistry <br>3. Physics</p></td></tr></tbody></table><h3>National Syllabuses</h3><p>Please refer to&nbsp;<a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/secondary/courses/express/electives#subjects" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">this link</a>.</p><h3>Curriculum</h3><p>The MGS Science Curriculum is adapted from the MOE’s Science Curriculum Framework and Philosophy and Aims of the IB Science Curriculum, based on</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Parallel Curriculum Model</p></li><li><p>Inquiry-based Teaching and Learning;</p></li><li><p>Development of Cross-Cutting Concepts and</p></li><li><p>Mastery of the Disciplinary Core Ideas</p></li></ul><h3>Assessment</h3><p>Science teachers will use a range of formative and summative assessment activities and tasks to evaluate the teaching and learning of science. &nbsp;These activities and tasks include</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>written assignments</p></li><li><p>scientific investigations and coursework</p></li><li><p>quizzes and class tests</p></li><li><p>science practical</p></li></ul><h3>Special Programmes</h3><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Science Mentorship Programme</p></li><li><p>Young Defence Scientists Programme</p></li><li><p>Nanyang Research Programme (Junior)</p></li><li><p>Science Olympiads</p></li><li><p>Science Competitions, e.g.:</p></li><li><p>Chemistry Communication Challenge</p></li><li><p>Crystal Growing</p></li><li><p>Biomedical Olympiad</p></li><li><p>C.B. Paul Quiz</p></li><li><p>National STEM Challenge</p></li></ul><p></p>